feat: add notation signing (#4)
AzureCR/vscode-securesupplychain: README.md

![Alt text](<./resources/readme/setKeyDefault.png>)
- The current default is shown as a description next to the key name. To change the default select an available key and the command `notation key set --default $KEY` is executed and the default signing key is updated.
- There is also the option to `Add new key from Azure Key Vault`. When the user selects this they are taken through a dialog to input the new key name and the name of the AKV that they want to add. There is a setting option to instead input the key ID instead of the AKV name so that if the user wants a certain version of a key instead of the latest they have that option. The setting looks like this: 

![Alt text](<./resources/readme/keyVersionSetting.png>)

- Once the user has keys and a default key set up then they can sign an image using the `Sign Image` in the menu option.
#### To Do:
 - When an image has no referrers the tree only shows the root image. This is confusing to see as a user and needs to be fixed to instead tell the user no referrers were found for this image.

>  - Referrence an image by it's digest instead of tag when executing cli commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Reference an image by its digest instead of tag when executing cli commands.
```
